# interactive-bike-rental-map
project 3 as part of my web developer training at openclassrooms Design an interactive bike rental map.   ## States  You need to develop an application simulating bike reservation (Vélo'v) in Lyon. These bikes are spread across many resorts in the city. The user must be able to reserve one from his browser (provided there are bikes available at the station!). The reservation will be temporarily saved on the visitor's browser.  You will develop the application entirely in JavaScript by displaying a map using the GoogleMaps API with the list of bike rental stations available in the city of Lyon.  You will develop a map to reserve bikes in Lyon. For this project, the reservation will have no effect. Only the user's browser will "remember" that the bike has been reserved. The reservation data will be stored in the browser using the HTML5 Web Storage API and displayed in a footer below the panel.  The reservation expires automatically after 20 minutes and also when the web browser closes.  The footer permanently displays the status of the reservation (if there is one), with a dynamic count of the time remaining before the reservation expires.  There can only be one reservation at a time. If a new reservation takes place, it replaces the previous one.  ## Technical constraints  You can use the jQuery library but no jQuery plugins. You will develop the entire slideshow yourself.  The JavaScript code must be entirely designed in object-oriented programming.  The code must use Google Maps APIs and JCDecaux APIs. It must also use the Web Storage and Canvas APIs.  ## Additional resources  In addition to the courses of the course, you can consult the following resources to help you:  - Chapter "The Canvas element" of the JavaScript course   ## Files to provide  HTML, CSS and JavaScript code of the application  ## Defense  For this defense, you will position yourself as a developer presenting his work to his CTO, project manager or manager in the company (depending on the choice of your mentor) for 25 minutes. This step will be followed by 5 minutes of questions and answers.  ## Skills to validate  - Interact with the page and the user - Programming in JavaScript
